{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red26\green26\blue26;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Cat in the box
\f1\b0 \
3\'965 Players (best 4)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 20 - 40 Min\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Age: 8+\'a0\
needs -  
\f0\b \
          
\f1\b0 2x deck of cards
\f2 \cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
          3-5
\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 x
\f2\b0 \cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0  player boards\
	1
\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 x
\f2\b0 \cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0  research board
\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
          11-14 Tokens of different colours for each player
\f1\b0\fs20 \

\fs28 \
https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/345972/cat-box-deluxe-edition\
\
Setup \
    Players           cards                                 research board.   Player boards\cf5 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5         3                 5x(A-6)  = 30 cards           either                        2/3\
        4                 5x(A-8)  = 40 cards           \cf5 either\cf5                         4/5\
        5                 5x(A-9)  = 45 cards           diagonal                    4/5\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2         \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 Deal all the cards. Everyone discards 1 card before bidding. 
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Bid how many tricks you expect to take, starting with start player. 
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Play the tricks, skip the last card. Can\'92t lead trump until it\'92s broken. Stop immediately if there\'92s a Paradox, and this trick is not awarded. 
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \
Playing tricks\
Rule 1: In the row of the color you are declaring ontheresearch board,the played card number's space must be empty.\
Rule 2: On your player board, X of the color you are declaring is not revealed.\
Start player\
You may only declare blue, yelow, or green *Exception: If any token is placed on the red row of research board, you may declare red\
Following players\
You may declare any color.\
If you declare any colour other than the led remove your player token of the led color
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  on
\f2\b0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0  your player board, revealing X
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\
Paradox\
A paradox occurs when declaring the observed color cannot be met.\
\'95Reveal your hand and declare a paradox - Immediately proceed to the scoring phase\
Scoring when causing a paradox\
Scores from tricks: -1 point for each trick Bonus score: forfeited
\f2\b0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\

\f3\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb3 Score:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1 point per trick. (Score negative if you caused the Paradox.)\cb1 \

\fs28 \cb3 add your bonus if you matched your bid. (No bonus if you caused the Paradox.)
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb1 \

\f3\fs28 1 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 point for each token in the largest group of your player tokens connected adjacently on the research board
\fs24 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}